Previously on The Summer
I Turned Pretty...
[Adam over phone] It was
probably Belly who called it off.
[Conrad] The wedding?
[Adam] You can take
care of him. right?
[Jeremiah] If she's not with
Conrad. then where is she?
The program is completely full.
No. I really. really need this.
It is just not possible.
-I'm sorry.
-[Laurel] It sounded like you said...
Paris.
Did I make a huge
mistake? [sobs]
Buy yourself a ticket
on the next flight home.
Okay.
She didn't call.
[Laurel] I'm not
leaving you all alone
-when you're hurting like this.
-You're not my mom.
-What are you trying to do?
-Trying to help. I need to do something.
You know this isn't some problem
for you to fix. Conrad. right?
-You are the problem.
-[Gemma] Isabel!
Meet my girlfriend Max.
and my friends.
Celine and Benito.
Um. I'll be right back.
[Gemma] You tracked down your
stolen bag and mauled a man.
I think you can figure out
a way to stay in Paris
if you really wanted to.
I really feel like
you're worth it.
And I feel like we're worth it.
[Jeremiah] You stayed
here for no reason.
So why don't you
get the fuck out
and never come back.
[Conrad] I don't think
he'll ever forgive me.
-So I give up.
-Or you're giving him space.
Sometimes that's all you can do.
[Jeremiah] The wedding was
just... it was a bad idea.
but that doesn't mean
that things have to end.
I'm not the same
person that I was.
What does that mean?
[Belly] I think I'm gonna stay.
[gentle music playing]
[lively accordion music playing]
[Belly over voicemail] Hey.
Mom. Happy Thanksgiving.
I wish I could be with you
guys. Um. I've just got so much
going on with my new
job and my apartment.
[chuckles] Anyway. I got to
get started on my stuffing.
I'm cooking for my
roommates. Love you. Bye.
[door opens]
Morning. Romain.
[speaking French]
What's this mess?
[speaking English] Um. I couldn't
find Stove Top anywhere. [chuckles]
Um. I'm making stuffing.
Uh...
[speaking French] How
do you say. "stuffing"?
[phone chimes]
Um...
"Chair filler" from scratch.
I don't have time
for this. I'm late.
The… more... slowly?
I'm late.
The hot water isn't
working again.
It's your turn to call
the landlord. you asshole!
You do it! I'm late.
Bastard.
Bonjour. Manon!
-[speaking English] Good morning. Isabel.
-Hey.
[chuckles softly]
[sniffing]
[speaking French]
What's that smell?
It smells like old fish.
[speaking English] Um. have you
guys ever had stuffing before?
It's. like. an American
tradition for Thanksgiving.
And I'm-I'm gonna take it
to work with me to share
but I thought I could
leave you some...
-Hmm.
-If you want to try?
Hmm. that's very kind.
but no thank you.
Yeah. Cool.
[speaking French] What is
this girl doing to the bread?
It's to celebrate her
genocidal holiday. no?
Huh.
Coffee. Nice.
[speaking English] Sorry.
[speaking French] No problem.
Yeah. that's right.
[speaking English] I don't
know what that means.
[♪ Taylor Swift sings "I Can
Do It With a Broken Heart"]
[Belly] When I had the idea of studying
abroad in Paris all those months ago.
the part that secretly
thrilled and terrified me...
Bonjour.
...was that I'd
be doing something
truly on my own for the
first time in my life.
[buzzes]
[conversing in French]
[Belly] It was a chance
for me to test myself.
to find out what I
was really made of.
-Uh...
-[clerk] Ah. non.
[Belly] Three months
in and it turns out.
I'm weak and homesick
and I'm really bad at French.
♪ They said. "Babe. you got to fake
it till you make it" and I did ♪
♪ Lights. camera. bitch. smile.
even when you wanna die...
[conversing in French]
[Belly] Every time
before I speak in French.
I practice what
I'm going to say.
Je vais prendre un pain au
chocolat. s'il vous plaît.
Bonjour.
[speaking French] I'll have a
chocolate croissant. please.
Mm-hmm.
[Belly] But it doesn't
matter how much I practice...
Anything else?
[Belly] ...because she only
ever answers me in English.
No. no. thank you.
♪ I'm so depressed. I act
like it's my birthday ♪
♪ Every day...
[Belly] I go to school
online most days.
[cashier] Isabel. pop-corn.
-[Belly] And I work at the same time.
-Merci.
♪ I cry a lot but I
am so productive...
[Belly] And since working in Paris
means working under the table.
it's not one shitty job.
It's two.
The homesickness I've mostly
learned to just accept.
It's like a dull ache
that never goes away.
[speaking French] The French 76
is made with vodka. This is gin.
Je suis désolée.
Répétez. s'il vous plaît.
[speaking French] The French
76 is made with vodka.
This is gin.
The... Uh...
Vodka. Vodka.
[Belly] But then there are times
when I feel it in my bones.
[exclaims]
Désolée.
[Belly] A sudden. wild
yearning for home.
Hey. you guys haven't
tried my stuffing yet.
For the people who know me.
Oh. yeah. We forgot.
Well. now is a perfect
time to try it. huh?
-Mmm.
-Max. you too.
-[Max] Mm-hmm.
-You guys want some?
[Benito] I'm good.
You know. I'm actually not
eating gluten at the moment.
Since when?
-[shushes]
-[chuckles]
[Belly] My boyfriend
made this last year.
And it was so good.
So we'll see.
Pretty good.
Last year it was pretty good.
[sniffs]
Hmm.
You know. they're probably
all sitting down to eat soon.
At your home?
[Belly] No. they're all
spread out this year.
My brother's hosting
a Friends giving
-with my best friend and my ex.
-Friends giving?
Je ne sais pas.
[speaking English] Oh. my God.
I'm so homesick. [scoffs]
And so lonely.
Thanks a lot. putain!
No. No. no. You
know what I mean.
Why don't you just go
home for a bit then. babe?
Because I-I haven't
gotten what I wanted yet.
I'm still figuring it out.
But don't you want to at least
spend Christmas with your family?
[Belly] Of course I do.
But that's the problem.
I haven't seen or changed
or learned enough yet.
And I'm afraid if I go home. I won't
be able to make myself come back.
[speaking French] Something's
wrong with your toilet.
[mimics nasal voice]
-[mimics deep voice]
-[laughter]
[bottles clatter]
[sighs]
Désolée.
[speaking English] Please
tell me this is a new one.
[sighs] Okay.
-Be brave.
-Thanks.
[water running]
[sighs]
[distant chatter in French]
[phone vibrates]
[groans softly]
[phone ringing]
-Hi!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Happy Thanksgiving. Belly.
Uh. did you finally talk
my brother out of trying
to deep-fry the turkey
inside of the apartment?
Yes. thank God.
Um. Jere saw. like. a
spatchcocking TikTok
and insisted on
doing that instead.
-Cool. Um...
-[Clovis groans]
[Taylor] Babe. are you there?
You okay?
[speaking French] Don't mind me.
-[Taylor] Hello?
-[sighs] How's he doing?
[Taylor] Uh. he's just...
he. uh. he...
he's kind of the same.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
I-I know that this is. like...
weird and hard.
Excuse-moi. Bouge pas.
bouge pas. C'est rien.
[Taylor] Hello? Belly?
-Ah. il a été là.
-[chuckles]
Um...
Uh. did my mom. uh. send you
any of those church lady pies?
[chuckling] Yeah. Three.
I'm hiding one
-so I can eat it after everyone leaves.
-[Steven] All right. baby.
We got five minutes. [groans]
Take your top off. leave
the skirt on. Come on.
Oh. my God. Steven!
-Wh...? Belly?
-[Taylor] Yeah. dingus.
I'm FaceTiming with
your sister right now.
-Hey!
-[Belly] Ugh...
Hey. S... Sorry. I didn't.
I didn't know. um...
You know. we're just.
uh. doing Friends giving.
Yes. I know that!
Can you please just
put a fucking shirt on?
I'm traumatized.
[laughing] Can you
put your shirt on?
-And get the fuck out of here.
-Oh. my God.
[speaking French] Come
on. let's go to my room.
[clattering]
I'm so drunk.
Um. good evening.
Good evening.
[speaking English]
So. how are your. um.
54 roommates and one
bazillion crappy jobs?
My jobs are not that crappy.
and. uh. my roommates are...
are pretty great.
-I thought you said they hate you.
-No!
No. no. no. Uh. we-we had
coffee together this morning.
Yeah? Just tell me you're coming
home for Christmas. Belly.
-Well...
-Belly!
What. you don't miss us?
No. of course I do.
But. you know. I've been
thinking. and. um...
you could come to
Paris for New Year's.
All my roommates will be gone.
And we could have a party!
Well... Lucinda did pay me back
half of what she owes me...
Yes! Yes. yes.
yes. yes! [laughs]
-[Taylor] Twist my arm. bitch!
-Yay! Okay.
-Oh. my God.
-Okay. yeah.
I-I have to go. but
I love you so much.
Yeah. I love you.
too. Um... can you
tell Jeremiah I said hi?
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. Totally.
Okay.
-Bye.
Hey. Brett! Um...
[clears throat]
You mind taking your-your
shoes off. actually? Yeah?
Wow.
Hey. Brett.
You're a dick.
Hey. Hey. don't... come on.
-Don't be like that. Please.
-[Olivia] Jere.
-[Jeremiah] It's not like that.
-We're done.
Really?
Come on. man. Let's talk.
C-Come inside. Let's eat.
It's not really
what it looks like.
-[Olivia] I'm leaving. Asshole.
-He needs serious help.
-Hey. where'd she go?
-[Taylor] She's probably getting her coat.
Uh. dude. Stop hooking
up with my colleagues.
-Stop hooking up with my friends.
-Yeah.
Maybe process your
emotions and feelings.
uh. I don't know. with
people we don't know?
-Yeah.
You know what? It's Friends
giving. two people are gone.
[Steven] Please. don't
shit where we eat.
How's Belly anyway. huh?
[Taylor] She's living her
best French girl life.
And she invited
me to go to Paris.
-What?
-Over winter break. yeah.
-Oh. my God. Well. you have to go.
-No. Fully.
-Mm.
-She says hi. By the way.
[Steven] I don't really like how
quick you were to say yes to that.
-You're just gonna leave me here?
-Wait. I'm...
-That quickly?
-[laughs]
That's crazy.
Okay. can you guys
get a room. please?
These are all my rooms.
Yeah. I think the whole
point of. uh. couch surfing
is that you're supposed
to surf out at some point.
[Taylor] Jere. you can't
avoid Finch forever.
You can't. It's... I mean...
It's not like
Belly's even there.
-Mmm. Belly who?
-[phone vibrates]
[Jeremiah scoffs]
[sighs]
-Tay? Um...
-Mm-hmm?
Did you. did you
use a hand mixer.
or did you use the ricer
that I asked you to use?
-A hand mixer.
-[chuckles]
'Cause it was faster.
-Really?
-Yeah. Got the job done.
Real... No. you didn't.
'cause they're gluey now.
-It was your idea...
-[chuckles]
...to cook this whole entire.
like. elaborate-ass dinner.
I just wanted to
order Thai food.
-so don't get mad at me...
-You...
-...when I'm helping you. it's ridiculous.
-[doorbell rings]
Ooh. a doorbell.
I'll go get that.
It was my idea to use the ricer.
-not the hand mixer.
-Then don't ask me for help.
-Don't ask me for help.
-Okay?
[Taylor] Yeah. how
about gratitude?
-[Steven] Hey. D-nice.
-Hi.
Oh. my God. did
you get my email.
-by the way. about the game changes...
-Look who I ran into downstairs.
-Who? What?
-It's our boss. Adam.
-Surprise. Brought some champagne.
-[chuckles] Yeah.
Yeah. awesome. Thank
you. Yeah. thank you.
-[quietly] What the fuck?
-I have no idea.
Uh. do you. do you mind
taking your shoes off? Sorry.
Oh. yeah. no problem.
Let me do that for you.
-[door closes]
-[Adam] Hello. Jeremiah.
[Jeremiah] Dad.
W-What are you. what
are you doing here?
Aren't you supposed to be at
Kayleigh's parents' place?
Don't ask. She's
there. I'm here.
-Hey.
-Happy Thanksgiving.
-Yeah.
-I brought champagne.
From my wedding.
What do you want me
to do? Throw it away?
[Redbird] Bro. stuffing's bomb.
sprouts are bomb. turkey's bomb.
You've outdone yourself. man.
-So bomb.
-You made all this?
[Jeremiah] Uh. yeah.
With Steven and Taylor's help.
-They made the mashed potatoes.
-Mm-hmm.
-[Taylor] You're welcome.
-Mashed potatoes. not bomb.
-You can leave.
-[Adam] I think they're great.
and I always say. you're
nothing without a good team.
Like these two.
My lieutenants.
Smart. ambitious. loyal.
That's the stuff
you can't teach.
So. is this about me not
taking the Breaker gig. Dad?
Good times.
No. I have zero issues with
you finishing school. Jeremiah.
[Redbird] You're finishing school? I
didn't even know you were taking classes
this semester. [chuckles]
[Jeremiah] Uh. yeah.
-Yes. I am.
-[Taylor] Yeah. he's taking
-online classes.
-[Redbird] Oh.
You don't even come by
the frat house. dude?
I'm hurt. [laughs]
What a dick.
That's funny.
'Cause I thought Jeremiah was
living in the fraternity house.
-[Redbird] Oh. shit.
-[clears throat]
What I meant was that...
Can I talk to you for a second?
Yeah.
Thanks. dude.
My mashed potatoes aren't good and
then you ruin the fucking dinner.
[Redbird] How was
I supposed to know?
I have been trying my damnedest
-to cut you some slack. but this is...
-[door closes]
-...this is too much!
-Dad. please. be quiet.
-Please.
-[groans]
-Can we...
-So... [sighs]
...you've been lying to me.
For months.
Yeah. Yeah. can you blame me?
-Excuse me?
-Look. when I told you I needed
an extra semester at school. you acted
like I was the biggest moron on Earth.
And then when I told you I
was calling off the wedding.
y-you assumed I screwed something
up. because that's what I do.
-I never said that.
-You never said that to my face.
Then you told me my credit
history is ruined forever
because I had the nerve to
back out of an apartment
that I was supposed
to share with my wife.
So. yeah. I lied
about going to school.
Go ahead. tell me how
much of a fuck up I am
and tell me how you're just burning
money for my dead-end future.
-Aren't I?
-[scoffs]
Not everything is
about money. Dad.
You're right. It's not.
So let's take it
out of the equation.
-What?
-I'm cutting you off.
No. you got to figure out how to do
things on your own. without a safety net.
Are you. are you
kidding me right now?
And it's not because I care
about the money. it's because
-you've never had...
-Hey. now that you're cutting me off.
I don't have to listen
to your shit anymore.
[somber music playing]
[door opens. closes]
He basically called
me a deadbeat.
-W-Where does he get off?
-[Taylor] Yeah. I mean...
you don't have a job.
Yeah. and you did.
um. sort of drop out.
-And you don't pay rent.
-Wow.
-[laughter]
Okay. honestly. man. uh. look...
a job would be good for you.
Uh. it-it might bring structure.
Is this. is this your
way of kicking me out?
-Yes.
-No.
-[Jeremiah scoffs]
-[both] Yes.
Well. fine. I'll just crash
at Denise's place. then.
-What?
-[Steven laughs]
-[laughs]
-Suck it. loser.
[both laugh]
Just FYI. he sleep-cooks.
-[Steven] Yeah.
-Okay. look. I-I don't sleep-cook.
-That's crazy.
-Okay. well. he wakes up
in the middle of the
night and makes food.
-loud as hell.
-[Denise sighs] Oh. my God.
-In his boxers.
-Mm-hmm.
-Which is a plus.
-[Steven] What?
-[laughs]
-Okay. look.
I-I know it'll be a
hassle. D. but please.
I don't have
anywhere else to go.
Ugh. okay. fine. you can
stay with me for one week.
-Just one? You sure you want a...
-Okay. yeah. just one. Mm-hmm.
-No... [babbles]
-Okay. one.
-You want to help me pack?
-No. I am not your mother.
All right. [clears throat]
Please?
Oh. my God. I
already hate myself.
Okay. Fuck you.
-To you both. Thank you.
-You're welcome. Yeah.
-Have fun.
-[Denise] Jesus.
[John] Try this.
Hmm.
Needs salt.
Oh.
I've had heartburn all day.
Mm.
[John] Did you move the Pepcid?
No. it's in there.
Uh. I don't see it.
-I think you moved it.
-[sighs]
[Laurel] Move.
I told you it was in there.
-Thank you.
-[sighs]
[phone ringing]
Hi. Connie. Happy Thanksgiving.
Happy Thanksgiving.
-[Conrad over phone] Happy Thanksgiving.
-What?
Um. Laurel. hey. I-I got
your text about Christmas.
I just wanted to give
you a call 'cause...
uh. I wanted to make sure
that it was cool with Jere
if I came.
Have you talked to him?
No.
but Steven says
he's fine with it.
And Belly?
I talked to Belly this morning.
She is staying in
Paris for the holidays.
Oh.
Did she say how long
she was staying?
No. but she asked me to
send her more winter stuff.
so I'm guessing... a while.
Things must be going
really well. then.
That's great.
I was thinking about...
I don't know. I was thinking about
maybe reaching out to her or something?
Do you think that...
she would even want
to hear from me?
I don't know. Connie. I
can't speak for Belly.
No. yeah. yeah.
-Yeah.
-But if you
really want to know if
she's ready to talk.
you're gonna have to risk
finding out for yourself.
Oh. boy. you sound
like my therapist.
Always telling me I need to
get better at uncertainty.
That I need to stop trying
to control everything.
And what do you say?
"Fuck you. uncertainty sucks."
[laughs]
You're not wrong.
Yeah. I know. Neither is he.
So does that mean I'll
see you for Christmas?
Yeah. Yeah. definitely.
-I'll be there.
-[John] Should I heat up the gravy?
-[Laurel] I don't know. John.
-I'm gonna let you go. Laur.
Uh...
have a good night. okay?
You too. Connie.
Thanks.
-Bye.
[contemplative music playing]
[drawer closes]
[sighs]
[♪ Mehro plays
"shouldn't I give up"]
[Conrad] Dear Belly.
Firstly. I don't even know
if I should be writing you.
If this is allowed.
If it's not. just say
so. I'll understand.
I should be memorizing
the cardiovascular system.
but I'd rather be writing you.
Sometimes I try to picture what
your life is like over there.
-♪ Then we're replaced...
-[laughter]
I imagine you sitting in
a little café. drinking...
♪ Behind us. and the memories...
What does Belly in Paris drink?
-[camera shutter clicks]
-[laughs]
Café au lait with lots of sugar?
Along with some
disgustingly sweet pastry?
Or maybe Sour Patch Kids.
♪ Shouldn't I try? ♪
Do they have those in Paris?
♪ Justify my own-made mess...
I bet if they do.
you've found them.
[buzzes]
♪ Shouldn't I give up? ♪
Or maybe French Belly
doesn't eat junk food.
-Bonjour.
-You're probably different over there.
Je voudrais un sac.
s'il vous plaît.
-Merci.
[Conrad] I bet Paris is
beautiful during the holidays.
I hear you're staying
there for Christmas.
I guess that means you're happy.
♪ Don't cry. don't lie.
don't sigh. don't mind...
I like picturing that.
♪ Crossed-out names...
Well. Merry Christmas. Belly.
♪ They've left a mark...
I hope Paris is everything
you dreamed it would be.
Conrad.
[distant shouting in French]
Hey. You sure you don't want me
to stay and help you close up?
No. it's fine. I've watched
you do it a hundred times.
Mm. If you're sure.
[chuckles] Yeah.
Go be with your family.
And. you know. I'm kind of psyched
to spend Christmas Eve on my own.
I've got a whole plan.
Okay. then.
-[laughs]
-Merry Christmas.
Ciao.
[shudders]
[lock clicks]
[gentle music playing]
[sighs]
[text whooshes]
[gentle music playing]
[sighs]
[♪ Brenda Lee sings "Rockin'
Around the Christmas Tree"]
♪ Rockin' around
the Christmas tree ♪
♪ at the Christmas party hop ♪
♪ Mistletoe hung
where you can see ♪
♪ Every couple tries to stop ♪
♪ Rockin' around
the Christmas tree ♪
♪ Let the Christmas
spirit ring ♪
[knocking]
-♪ Later we'll have some pumpkin pie...
-[chuckles]
Hi. Hi.
[speaks indistinctly]
♪ You will get a
sentimental... ♪
[turns music off]
-Hi. [laughs]
-Hey.
-What are you doing here?
-Feliz Navidad to you. too.
[chuckles] Feliz Navidad.
So. what are you doing?
I thought you would be open.
What kind of bar closes
on Christmas Eve?
I thought you were going to London
to see some of your friends.
Train strike. Now I'm stranded
in this freezing city.
and even my dear friend Isabel
is leaving me out in the cold.
I'm sorry. [laughs]
Come on in.
-Gracias.
-Warm up.
-Do you want a glass of wine?
-Uh. yeah. sure.
So. this is how you're
spending Christmas Eve?
Yeah.
Got a fire. got wine...
and I've got that giant box of chocolates
that Celine got me for Christmas.
Hmm.
-What?
-Um...
Nothing. it's just.
um. very uninspired.
[chuckles] "Uninspired."
Okay. so what's your...
amazing plan. then. besides...
you know. lurking in a
bar that isn't even open?
Well. the streets
are empty tonight.
And I believe there's
beauty in emptiness.
Huh.
What?
It's just very. um.
pretentious artist guy of you.
[laughs]
Are you gonna recite
Baudelaire as you wander?
No. I was. um. thinking
Neruda. actually.
-The poet.
-Yes. darling.
[Belly laughs]
[speaking Spanish] Tonight I
can write the saddest lines.
I loved her.
and sometimes she loved me too.
[speaking English] I'm
impressed. Do you know the rest?
-Nope.
-[laughs]
Usually. a few verses are enough
to impress American girls.
-[chuckles]
-Hey.
Why don't you come
with me tonight?
No. no way. it's warm in here.
How about we play for it?
I win. you come with me.
You win. I leave
you alone to your
bottle of wine and your
giant box of chocolates.
You're on.
[chuckles]
-No! No. no. no. no.
-[cheers]
Double or nothing.
double or nothing.
-Double or nothing.
-No. you said that two games ago.
Okay. just face it.
you suck and I win.
[chuckles] I don't
suck. but you're good.
[♪ Serge Gainsbourg sings
"La Javanaise" in French]
Okay.
All right. put your coat on.
Are you seriously
kicking me out?
No. I'm coming with you.
Okay.
[chuckles]
-What are you doing?
-Uh. driving us to Place des Vosges?
Uh... Um. what am I even
supposed to hold on to?
Uh. me?
Isn't that kind of dangerous?
It is if you fall off.
so maybe don't do that.
No. after all that wine
you drank. no. thank you.
Fine. we can walk if you want.
Whoa... Who said
anything about walk?
The streets are empty. it stopped
snowing. teach me how to drive.
Fine.
-You got it?
-Mm-hmm.
Easy. Excuse me. Okay.
-Hold on tight.
-[engine starts]
-[controllers clicking]
-[video game sound effects]
Mom. I'm starving.
When's dinner?
We'll eat whenever
Jeremiah gets here.
He has to finish his
shift at the restaurant.
Hey. Connie. did you get
those ornaments from upstairs?
No. I forgot. I'll
do it in a second.
-Okay. Thank you.
-Yeah.
[Laurel] Did you remember...
[continues indistinctly]
I still think it's crazy that
our dad cut Jeremiah off.
Uh-huh. Yeah.
Sounds like he's been figuring
things out. though. right?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Does everybody hate me?
Do you still hate me.
dude? What's going on?
Okay. I-I don't want
to do this right now.
Okay.
No. you're right. Sorry.
[video game pauses]
Nobody hates you. man.
Yes. Jere does. Jere hates
you. But I don't hate you.
I just don't know how to
be around you anymore.
Not with everything going on
with you and Jere. you know?
I get it.
I'm glad he has you.
I just miss you. too.
I miss Jere.
Even before all this stuff.
I miss the three of us.
Messing around.
getting in trouble.
You know...
ever since he got that
job. he does seem better.
Yeah. That's what Taylor said.
-[chuckling] Taylor?
-Yeah.
Yeah. it is crazy to me
that you guys still talk.
I know. It's kind of
a weird twist of fate
that the only person who texts
me back is Taylor Jewel. but...
Yeah. [chuckles]
You nervous. man?
I mean. you know.
nervous to see him?
Let me guess. You have a. uh. bullet
point Notes app list on your phone.
What's wrong with a list?
[phone vibrates and chimes]
-What the fuck?
-What's up?
Um... No. [stammers] It's
nothing. It's just work stuff.
I-I-I'll deal with it. um...
Look. y-y-you guys
are gonna be fine.
Okay? You guys are brothers.
You'll work it out.
Thanks.
Take care of your work stuff. dude.
I'm gonna go get those ornaments.
-Uh-huh. yeah. yeah.
-[Conrad clears throat]
Um...
[line rings]
-Hey...
-[Denise] This is Denise Russo.
-Leave a message.
-[beeps]
Okay. hey. Denise. can
you call me back. please?
I-I have no idea what
the fuck just happened.
but I-I don't know. I got an email
from the guy at Dunster Capital
saying they're stopping our
funding? I-I don't understand.
Can you just please call me
back whenever you get a chance?
-Please call me...
-[Adam] Ho ho ho.
-Everything good?
-Yes. Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Uh. just. you know. uh. calling
the girlfriend. Uh. Taylor.
Oh. My mistake.
I thought it was you melting
down over my buddy at Dunster
deciding not to fund yours
and Denise's little company.
No.
[chuckling] No.
uh... What? I. um...
Oh. no. no. no. Go ahead.
lie to my face some more.
Does this...
This means I-I'm fired. right?
No. No.
I'm impressed you had
the balls. [laughs]
Well. actually. no. it was
Denise who had the balls.
Not surprising.
All right. see you at
work on January 2nd.
No hard feelings.
-Yeah. Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Actually... Adam. um...
I quit.
[chuckles] What?
Oh. You sure you want
to do that. Steven?
Yes.
[gentle music playing]
No hard feelings?
[chuckles]
[shakes hand]
[Adam] All right. let's
peel some "po-tah-toes."
[chuckles]
[♪ Bleachers play "Isimo"]
♪ Jesus saves.
and Bubba scores ♪
♪ A childhood you'll
always mourn ♪
♪ You found your things
out on the floor now ♪
♪ And you believed
in every maybe ♪
♪ Sha-la-la. it
drove you crazy ♪
♪ Tough as nails and
built for breaking ♪
♪ But you were just a
kid when they told you ♪
♪ you'd been born to
bleed. little soldier ♪
♪ With your garden heart
and sentimental boulder ♪
♪ Oh. it pulled you down ♪
♪ Look at you.
you made it out ♪♪
[vehicle approaching]
-Jeremiah's here.
-[Adam] Everyone. come grab a dish.
[Steven] Coming.
[pensive music playing]
[engine idling]
-Hey. kiddo.
-Hey.
[shudders] At least turn
the heat on. It's freezing.
[switch clicks]
I really thought I
could go in there.
-It's okay.
-It's not okay.
I can't go in that house without
thinking about the two of them.
They ruined it for me.
And now he gets the family
and he gets Christmas.
And I'm just...
I lost everyone.
Not everyone.
We're your family. too. and
I am not going anywhere.
Sorry I was such a dick
to you at the wedding.
It's okay. sweetheart.
I know you were hurting.
It still hurts.
And she was always the one
that could make it better.
I know she wants
to hear from you.
I'm not. I'm not ready for that.
And I'm not ready
to go in there.
I understand.
Your dad will be
sorry to miss you.
[scoffs] Yeah. I'm sure
he can't wait to hear
about his loser son
chopping onions all day.
Hey.
You are making it on your own.
Don't think he's
not proud of that.
What smells so good?
[chuckles]
I made gochujang-glazed
roasted carrots.
No way.
-[laughs]
-Yeah.
If Halmoni were here.
she would say. "Finally!
Some food that tastes good."
[both laughing]
You can. you can take the
carrots and-and the presents.
I'm not ready to go in there.
Okay.
Just text me when you get home.
Yeah.
Hey. I love you. Laur.
I love you. too.
[car door opens]
-Drive safe.
-[car door closes]
[door opens]
Is he not coming?
It's just gonna be us tonight.
Let's sit down and eat.
-[Christmas music playing softly]
-[door closes]
-What are you doing here?
[sighs] I forgot
my nephews' gifts.
and there was gonna be a throw-down
if I didn't come back and get them.
You're wearing your sad pants. What
happened? Was it a total shitshow?
-I don't want to talk about it.
-Okay.
[laughs] Well...
my day hasn't been
all fucking eggnog
and carols. either.
Turns out your dad knows
about me and Steven
starting our own company. so
he chose the day of our Lord's
birth to blow it all up.
Christmas is tomorrow.
Okay. but what time is it
in Bethlehem right now. huh?
[laughs] Okay.
[both chuckling]
Well. I'm sorry my dad's a jerk.
Oh. it's all right.
it'll work out.
I'm too clever to fail.
So you gonna tell
me what happened?
What'd your bitch-ass
brother do this time. huh?
[chuckles] Don't you have to. like.
do something with your family?
I got five. Scooch.
-Okay.
-Come on.
[sighs]
What happened?
I never made it inside.
I just sat in my
car in the driveway.
You know. they're probably
eating dinner right now. like.
"Oh. poor Jere. he
couldn't even face us."
You know. I thought I'd
be okay seeing him again.
but he just
makes me feel like the
same 17-year-old kid
that got dumped by
Belly the first time.
You know. I know I should be figuring
out who I am without her. but...
Well. your healing timeline
is your healing timeline.
Breakups are like deaths.
Thank you! Thank... You're-you're-you're
the only person to tell that to me.
[chuckles]
You know. this is
super fucked up to say.
but I feel like...
I feel like losing Belly
has been even more painful
than losing my mom.
And at least with my
mom. she's actually dead.
-Yeah.
-Belly. she's gone from my life.
but she's-she's still
out there. you know?
Well. that's why you
got to grieve it.
How?
Oh. [sighs]
Accept what's happened.
Forgive yourself. Forgive
her. Forgive Conrad.
Forgive all the
people who hurt you.
you know. not because they...
deserve your forgiveness.
but...
because the longer you hold on to it.
the longer it holds power over you.
And fuck other people
holding power over you.
[chuckles softly]
What?
I-I don't know. just
kind of surprised.
What. you think I've never
had my heart broken before?
-Kind of. yeah.
-Oh. my God!
Yeah. like-like. uh...
when you and Steven didn't work
out. you didn't even seem upset.
That's because...
that's because I was
never really into Steven.
I... [laughs] I don't know.
I thought... I
thought he was cute
and fun and maybe there was a
potential for something there. but...
-I never fell for him.
-Mm-hmm.
Trust me. when I fall
for someone. I fall hard.
Like...
"smashed into a million pieces
at the bottom of a cliff" hard.
[stifled laughter]
So I'm not the only romantic
shitshow in this apartment?
Oh. I'm so. so glad
that my crappy dating
record can provide comfort
in your time of need.
[laughs]
You know. D. we're. like.
really good friends. huh?
You know. letting me crash in
your spare room for a month.
-Mm-hmm.
-Listening to me whine
about all my problems.
Mm-hmm. Oh. it's fine.
I like your cooking.
Just. um. stop leaving
your dirty tissues around.
and we'll be good. okay?
Aye-aye. Captain.
All right. come on. Get
up. you're coming with me.
-What?
-Yep.
No. I'm not gonna crash
your family's Christmas.
Yes. you are. My
grandma will love you.
You're nice and pretty
and you can cook.
You think I'm pretty?
You're everything she wanted
in me and failed to get.
Come on. up.
-Sounds good.
-Mm-hmm.
Give me. like. five minutes.
I want to get ready
for your Gran Gran.
Yeah. never say
"Gran Gran" again.
Oh. you know you liked it.
[♪ Sara'h sings
"Last Christmas"]
[singing in French]
-Hi!
-[Taylor giggles]
Hi!
[laughs] Hi.
Oh. my God.
I missed you so much. you bitch.
-We FaceTimed yesterday.
-Yeah.
-It's not the same thing.
-No. I know!
You have no idea how
much I missed you.
How was Christmas with your mom?
It was good. it was the usual.
We ordered Chinese food
and watched Love Actually
and fell asleep on the couch.
That sounds kind of perfect.
-No. Honestly. it was.
-[both laugh]
It… it-it was.
-Hi.
I love this. Did
you get this here?
-Yeah?
-When are we going shopping?
Because I need the perfect look
for our New Year's Eve party.
-because I have nothing.
-Yes.
-We can go tomorrow. I promise.
-Okay. Okay.
Let's go inside. 'cause it's
really cold. Give me your bag.
-Yeah. don't take the heavy one.
-Okay.
[♪ Françoise Hardy
sings "Bien Longtemps"]
I've had croissants before.
Why is this just better?
This is literally
my every day here.
Thank you.
Yes. yes. yes.
[Taylor] I think I'm just
having. like. a moment.
-I'm having. like. a Paris moment.
-You are.
You are having a Paris moment.
No. not that one.
not that one. The...
-It's like Bonnie and Clyde.
-[Belly] Ready?
Good?
-So cool.
-I know. right?
[Belly] Hey. come inside.
it's cold out there.
Bitch.
I still cannot believe
that you live here.
Paris is sick. [chuckles]
[sighs] I feel like I've
done the best that I can do
with what we have to work with.
You should see the stuff I'm
pinning for Steven's apartment.
It's actually really good.
I can't believe you guys are moving
in together after graduation.
Yeah. real grown-girl shit.
-I'm very happy for you guys.
-Thank you.
Okay.
Okay. I cannot wait for you to
meet the rest of my friends.
Yeah. me. too. So are they all as hot
as that. like. sexy. Latino Chalamet
that we went shipping
with yesterday?
-Benito?
-Yeah.
No. [stammers]
He's-he's just a friend.
He's way too fine to
be "just a friend."
No. [laughs] No.
I'm just saying rebounds are.
like. part of the healing process.
You get out there and you...
Yeah. well. it's not
like I've been a nun.
[gasps] You pute. You pute.
-How do you say "pute"?
-Wait. wait a sec.
Did you consult French Urban
Dictionary on the plane here?
And. so. what if I did?
There are some words
-that I need to know...
-Yes.
...in order to be here.
and one of them's "pute."
-Pute! [chuckles]
-[phone vibrating]
Oh. hey. can you get my phone?
It's Jere.
[scoffs]
-Uh. do I answer it?
-[stammers]
-Do you want to answer it?
-Okay. Just give it. Yes.
Give it to me.
-Hello?
-[Jeremiah over phone] Hey.
Uh. it's me.
It's. um. it's really nice
to-to hear your voice.
How are you?
I'm working.
Uh. it's good.
Taylor told me that you're
cooking at some restaurant?
Yeah. I'm-I'm basically. like.
a glorified busboy. so...
[chuckles] Got to
start somewhere. right?
Yeah.
-So how's Paris?
-I tried escargot.
And?
Hated it.
-[chuckles]
-I told you I would.
Yeah.
[sentimental music playing]
I'm really. I'm really glad that
you called. I've been. um...
I've been wanting to
tell you how sorry I am.
And how much I regret the way
that things ended with us.
I-I don't want to talk about the
past. It's-it's not why I called.
Okay. why did you then?
I was sick of being
too afraid to call.
And I want you to know
that I'm good. Really.
And I-I hope you're good. too.
I am.
[line chef over
phone] Hey. Fisher.
Your break ended 90 seconds ago.
It sounds like you're busy.
I should probably let you go.
Yeah. I should probably
let you go. too.
Happy New Year. Jeremiah.
Happy New Year. Bells.
[♪ Sophie Ellis-Bextor sings
"Murder on the Dance Floor"]
-[sighs]
-♪ It's murder on the dance floor ♪
♪ But you better not
kill the groove ♪
♪ DJ. gonna burn this
goddamn house right down ♪
♪ Oh. I know. I know. I know. I
know. I know. I know. I know ♪
♪ About your kind ♪
♪ And so. and so. and so. and
so. and so. and so. and so ♪
♪ I'll have to play...
Wait. are all these
people your friends?
I invited the four people I know and then
told them to invite everyone they know.
Okay.
Whoo!
-Buenas noches.
-[laughs] Hey.
[Benito] Sorry I'm late. they
closed off half the streets.
You look beautiful.
Thank you.
I'm gonna grab you
some champagne. okay?
Hi.
Taylor. Ça va?
Uh. this was delivered
to you downstairs.
Um. I'll take this.
-I got it.
-For you.
Merci. madame.
This is from Conrad.
Conrad Fisher is sending you
care packages internationally?
He's been writing.
Can I open it?
-I'm gonna open this.
-Ooh. um. n...
[overlapping chatter]
[laughter]
Oh. he got you Sour Patch Kids.
So sweet.
[sentimental music playing]
[laughs] Oh. my God.
Junior Mint? This
is really loaded.
Is this why you haven't
been able to move on?
[laughter]
Because Conrad Fisher is
sending you love letters?
Come on.
-They're not love letters.
-Mm-hmm.
They are regular nothing notes.
And I haven't even written
him back. so... no.
Conrad isn't even an issue.
[sighs] Okay. So. then.
what's holding you back?
Because the sparks are sparking
between you and Benito.
Are you afraid of getting hurt?
No.
I'm afraid of
hurting someone else.
Okay. so. then. like.
what's the plan. though?
Are you just never gonna get
close to anyone ever again
because you might
risk hurting someone?
Babe. it's inevitable.
Like... [sighs]
...you know. do your best. but
you're gonna have to accept
that it will probably
happen at some point.
You're right.
I'm always right.
[laughs softly]
You know what. it's kind
of fitting. actually.
that they're both. like. reaching out
to you on the last day of the year.
If you think about it. like. it feels
like that chapter's kind of closed now.
-The end of an era.
-Totally.
The Fisher brothers
are so last season.
Ew. Get a new purse.
[laughs]
-[woman speaking French]
-[♪ Lisa sings "Moonlit Floor"]
-Let's get out there.
-[Taylor] Okay.
It's almost midnight.
-[crowd] Dix! Neuf!
-♪ Lace your kisses on me. ooh ♪
-Huit!
-♪ Green-eyed French boy got me trippin' ♪
-Sept!
-♪ How your skin is always soft ♪
-Six!
-♪ How your kisses always hit ♪
-Cinq!
-♪ How you know just where to ♪
-Quatre! Trois!
-♪ Green-eyed French boy got me trippin' ♪
-Deux! Un!
-♪ on that accent off your lips ♪
♪ How your tongue ♪
-Bonne année!
-♪ do all those tricks. how you know ♪
♪ Just where to ♪
♪ kiss me ♪
♪ under the Paris twilight ♪
♪ Kiss me ♪
♪ out on the moonlit floor ♪
♪ under the Paris twilight ♪
♪ Ah. ah ♪
♪ So kiss me ♪
♪ Cute fit in the whip to
the flight to the sky ♪
♪ Never down. baby.
check my stats ♪
♪ Truth is. I wasn't
trying to meet nobody ♪
♪ Baby. I was there
to get my bag ♪
♪ But when I saw you I
was like. "I like that" ♪
♪ Wasn't trying to break.
baby. I'll fall back ♪
♪ But when I heard you
say. "Bonjour. bébé" ♪
♪ So kiss me ♪♪
[knocking on door]
-Should we like...
-No. just ignore it.
They'll go away. [chuckles]
[knocking on door]
-What?
-[door opens]
[speaking French]
There's a leak.
The kitchen sink again?!
I thought the
landlord fixed that?
It's in the bathroom.
Damn!
Oh. no. there's… There's
a leak here. too. Great.
What the hell is
this. there's a leak?
Yeah. look.
Seriously?
We're half naked.
Problem solved.
My coffee!
You can make yourself some more.
Here we go again.
I have to get ready
to go to work. okay?
So if you could call the
super. that would be cool.
Mm.
And you're out of shampoo.
[speaking English] Can you
stop using my shit? Thanks.
[moans]
-Classic Clovis.
-Mm.
[phone chimes]
-[Benito] Shit. I should go.
-Wait. wait. wait. wait.
You don't have a few minutes?
[chuckles]
[breezy music playing]
♪ ♪
-[Belly] You should keep that.
-[Gemma] Yeah?
[Belly] It'll be helpful.
-[Gemma] In the bathroom.
-[Belly] You know. you can just
store stuff in there.
-Ah.
-Cute.
-Little scarf moment.
-[Belly laughs] Yes.
Guys. can you actually
keep on packing?
I'm running out of stuff
to take downstairs.
-yeah?
-Yeah.
Sorry. babe. We'll
be right behind.
I seriously cannot believe
you're giving this place up.
It's perfect. [chuckles]
Well. Max's place is bigger
and it's close to work. so...
When's Benito getting here?
Uh. soon.
He. um. asked me to come to Mexico
with him for his grandma's 80th.
And?
I can't. I have graduation
that weekend and. you know.
then home.
Poor Benny. He's smitten
with you. you know?
No. No. no. no.
He knows the deal.
He knows that...
[inhales sharply]
...at some point. I have
to go back to my real life.
This could be your real life.
-[chuckles]
-Look. I've just got to say this
again for the record.
I think it's crazy
that you're leaving.
You should stay in Paris.
[tongue clicks]
Everybody's expecting
me at graduation.
-[scoffs]
-And I told you Clovis already
-rented out my room to someone else.
-I know.
So hear me out.
It really would be a shame to
see this place go to waste.
You should take my apartment.
-[phone vibrating]
-It's just a year lease...
Hold on. um...
-My mom's calling me.
-[sighs]
Talk to her. And think about it.
I'm gonna take this box
downstairs before Max dumps me.
Hi. Mom.
[Laurel over phone] Hey. bean. I'm
sorry I missed your call earlier.
Hey. I've been meaning
to ask you. what day
-are you planning to fly home?
-[inhales sharply]
I haven't. um...
I haven't figured
out my ticket yet.
You're still planning
to come. right?
[contemplative music playing]
Actually. Gemma just offered
me her apartment. [chuckles]
It's a year-long lease.
Oh.
I mean. I don't even...
know if I'm gonna take it.
But if I did.
it-it wouldn't mean that
I'm never coming home.
I just...
I feel like maybe
I'm not done here.
What about your visa?
Yeah. no. I. um. I'd
have to think about it.
Uh...
but there's a year-long
psych program at the Sorbonne
that would get me
my student visa.
And. you know. um. there's
a regular at the bar
who works at an
international school.
and she said they need help
with their sports program.
So. I mean. I... I think if I
wanted to make it work. I could.
Okay. [laughs softly]
Well. keep me updated.
What. that's it?
You're not gonna. like.
[laughs] try to talk me
out of it or something?
Do you want me to?
No. No.
-[chuckles] No.
-[laughs]
I don't. I just...
...I'm really happy here.
I know. bean. I can
hear it in your voice.
You've found something
special out there.
And yes. there's a
part of me that wishes
you'd found something special
a little closer to home.
What. like Trenton. New Jersey?
[laughs] How about down
the hallway from me
where I can still remind
you to wash your bras?
[both chuckle]
I was excited for you
to come home. but...
...honestly?
I'll be just as
excited if you stay.
Thank you. Mom.
How are you doing today?
Today?
[atmospheric music playing]
Oh. my God. It's the 14th.
It's the anniversary
of Susannah's death.
I-I should've. I...
Are you okay?
I'm-I'm good. bean. don't
beat yourself up over it.
I'm sure home feels like
a million miles away.
Beck would be so excited
about your moving to Paris.
Gemma's apartment has a
view of the Sacré-Coeur.
Just like in Sabrina.
[exhales]
How perfect.
All right.
Well. I should probably go. Mom.
I love you.
I love you. too. bean.
[sighs]
[gentle music playing]
[Susannah] Belly. which country
do you want to visit the most?
Egypt? Italy?
Oh. my gosh. Adam and I went
to Italy on our honeymoon.
and I ate gelato
every single day.
What's gelato?
Oh. it's like... like
ice cream but better.
-I want gelato.
-Hey. Laur.
what if we rented a house
in Italy next summer?
That sounds expensive.
What if Adam rented us a
house in Italy next summer?
Can we leave him at home?
Ah. we'll rent a house on the
Amalfi Coast and you'll love it.
You can swim in
the sea every day.
I don't want to swim
in the sea every day.
I want to swim here.
With you.
And people.
People? [laughs softly]
Okay. we'll come here.
But one day. when you're older.
you might change your mind.
You might want to see
more of the world.
Mm. no. I never will.
I know what I like.
[gentle music playing]
It's true.
You've always been a girl
who knows her own heart.
♪ ♪
[bell tolling]
[phone chimes. vibrates]
[phone whooshes]
[Jeremiah] Didn't
think you were coming.
I didn't tell anyone. I'm sorry.
I thought I'd be in and
out before you got here.
I can't believe it's
been five years.
This morning. I realized I
can't remember her laugh.
I can't remember her hands.
They're like yours.
Jere. look. I know I
can't make you forgive me.
Nope.
But I'm gonna try and
I'm gonna keep trying
to break through
'cause I miss you.
And I'm sorry.
I'm so. so sorry.
You really want to do this here?
Fine. let's do it.
Let's talk about how you
hung around all summer.
like a snake in the grass. pretending
to help me with my wedding.
when really. you were just
trying to break it up and
take Belly for yourself.
Jere. that's not how it was.
-You're so full of shit.
-Jere. I swear to you.
that's not what was happening.
I loved her. and you ruined it.
You don't know what it's like
to be with someone that
long. what you build.
What you lose when
it disappears.
She was my fucking world.
If you loved her so much. how could
you go and sleep with someone else?
We were broken up.
And you want to know why?
Because I know about the
two of you on Christmas.
Admit it. Con. you
wanted Belly back.
so you found a way to take her.
You can't take someone. Jere.
She's not a fucking object.
And the only reason that there
was any wedding to break up
was because you were
afraid of losing her.
As if a ring could...
...make someone yours.
Fuck you.
Jere. I'm sorry that I
couldn't stop loving her.
and that that hurt
you. I hate that.
But you've been
that person. too.
When you had the
chance to be with her
a month after she and I
broke up. you took it.
You think that didn't fuck me up?
You think that was easy for me?
And I get it. because...
you loved her so much that you
forgot about everyone else.
I did. too.
[quiet. emotional music playing]
I never wanted to
talk about Christmas
because I knew the second
I did. it was over.
Can you blame me for wanting to
hold on to her as long as I could?
No.
Jere. I tried to
stop loving her.
I tried to keep my promise.
What promise?
Before Mom... died.
I promised her that I would
try and take care
of you. that I would
protect you from getting hurt.
[laughs]
I know.
Shit job.
Yeah.
Uh. I... I made
her a promise. too.
That I wouldn't let
anything get between us.
So we both screwed up.
She would be so mad.
♪ ♪
You know. when we
broke off the wedding.
my first thought was.
"I... I need to find Mom."
My second thought was. "I
wish I could talk to Connie."
Even though it was your fault.
I needed my brother.
I still do.
I'm here now.
[Jeremiah] Did
Belly text you. too?
I won't hit you if she did.
No.
We haven't talked
since last summer.
I've been writing her letters.
She hasn't written me back.
Maybe I should take
that as a hint. but...
I never could compete
with what you two had.
That connection was
like a force field.
Do what you have to do.
Don't expect me to
be okay with it.
But don't fucking
waste it. either.
-Later. man.
-Later.
[Taylor Swift sings "the 1"]
[Conrad] "Dear Belly".
I saw Jeremiah yesterday.
We both went to
visit Mom's grave.
Things went better than the
last time we were together.
No punches were thrown.
He told me you'd been in touch.
I might as well be
completely honest here.
because who even knows if
you're reading my letters.
You might have thrown them
all out without opening them.
which is your right.
But I'll go ahead and say it.
even though I have no right.
It killed me a little
that Jere's talked to you.
Still. I don't think
he hates me anymore.
"which is a good thing."
♪ And if you wanted me. you
really should've showed ♪
♪ And if you never...
Um. excuse me. Please take
your shoes off in my new abode.
I keep an Asian household.
But we wore shoes
in your old place.
Yeah. but that's 'cause I didn't
want my feet touching that floor.
And also. I mean.
this place is all
mine. you know?
Just mine.
Should we make up the bed?
You know. my mother always says
that's the first thing you should
do when you move in to a new place.
Sure.
but I'm sleeping in
it alone tonight.
I've-I've never gotten
to do that before.
Whatever you say.
[chuckles]
[laughs]
So. now that you're not
going home next month.
will you come with me to Mexico for
my grandmother's birthday party?
I promise I'm not gonna propose to
you in front of my entire family.
I just want to show
you where I grew up.
My grandmother makes the best
chilaquiles in the entire world.
-[laughs] The entire world?
-You have no idea.
-Yeah?
-You have no idea. They're delicious.
♪ We never painted by
the numbers. baby ♪
♪ But we were making it count ♪
-Okay.
-♪ You know the greatest loves ♪
♪ of all time are over now ♪
[Belly] Yeah.
-♪ I guess you never know. never know ♪
-[Belly] All right.
♪ And it's another
day waking up alone ♪
♪ But we were something.
don't you think so? ♪
♪ Roaring twenties. tossing
pennies in the pool ♪
[Conrad] "Also. in case
I haven't made it clear.
I think about you a lot.
You're pretty much
all I think about.
Just so we're clear.
Love. Conrad."
♪ For never leaving
well enough alone...
"Dear Conrad. I never thanked
you for sending me Junior Mint."
So. thank you.
And thank you for
all your letters.
It's sweet of you
to think of me.
I finally found a
permanent apartment.
This is my new address.
"Hope you're well."
♪ Would everything
be different today? ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪♪
[radio sportscaster] ...freshman
from Santa Rosa. California.
-Started all three games last week...
-[door closes]
...against Cal Poly.
You should really
lock your doors.
Oh. my God. it's hot.
I don't remember it
being this hot last June.
It's pretty nice in Brussels
right now. I've heard.
I still can't believe Namazy invited
you to the Brussels conference.
I'm so much better than you.
Aw. Better luck next time. kid.
What's up? You want some water?
Sure. yeah.
So...
Brussels. huh?
A quaint Belgian town
only a one-and-a-half-hour
train ride from Paris.
Subtle.
Let me see that
postcard she sent you.
-Agnes.
-Oh. come on.
Just let me see it. I mean.
how am I supposed to help you
if I don't know what
I'm dealing with.
For the record. I never
asked for your help.
[sighs]
Oh. my God. you keep
it in your wallet?
-Shut up.
-[scoffs]
Well?
That's it? That's all she wrote?
Yeah.
Yeah. you definitely
shouldn't go.
Really? You don't think...
You suck. You...
[Agnes laughs] Okay.
Really. though?
If you don't go. you
might regret it forever.
If you do go. you might
regret it forever. too. but...
Is this supposed to be helping?
No.
[♪ Harry Styles sings
"Sign of the Times"]
Doctor. help thyself.
♪ Just stop your crying ♪
♪ it's a sign of the times ♪
♪ Welcome to the
final show. hope...
Okay. Mr. Fisher.
we're able to switch your flight
to the 10:45 p.m. to Paris.
There is a $473 fare difference.
Would you still like
to go ahead and rebook?
Yeah.
♪ You look pretty
good down here ♪
Thank you.
-[scanner chirps]
-♪ but you ain't really good ♪
You're all set.
Thank you. I appreciate it.
Yeah. Have a safe flight.
♪ We never learn...
[speaking French] Big plans
for your birthday weekend?
Some friends are throwing
me a little dinner.
Sounds sweet and intimate.
♪ The bullets? ♪
Merci.
Are you sure you
want to do this?
Yes.
I'm ready for something
new this summer.
[speaking English] Okay.
♪ The bullets? ♪
♪ Just stop your crying ♪
♪ it's a sign of the times ♪
♪ We gotta get away from here ♪
♪ Just stop your crying ♪
♪ it'll be all right ♪
♪ They told me that
the end is near ♪
♪ We gotta get away from here ♪
♪ Just stop your crying ♪
♪ have the time of your life ♪
♪ Breaking through
the atmosphere ♪
♪ and things look
pretty good from here ♪
♪ Remember everything
will be all right ♪
♪ We can meet again somewhere ♪
♪ Somewhere far away from here ♪
♪ We never learn. we've
been here before ♪
♪ Why are we always
stuck and running from ♪
♪ the bullets ♪
♪ The bullets? ♪
♪ We never learn. we've
been here before ♪
♪ Why are we always
stuck and running from ♪
♪ the bullets ♪
♪ The bullets? ♪
♪ Just stop your crying ♪
♪ it's a sign of the times ♪
♪ We gotta get away from here ♪
♪ We gotta get away from here ♪♪